h1. FCZ TEH fork

This is Fabricio Zuardi's personal fork of TEH

h2. About TEH

TEH is a minimalistic blog application written in Python that runs on top of the Google App Engine platform.

Checkout "TEH's source repository":1 for the latest changes of the original code, TEH was based on "Bret Taylor's Experiment with Google App Engine":2, the samples was adapted by "Pradeep Gowda":3.

h2. About this fork

I am still learning Python and playing with GAE only on my free time (my day-job is mostly PHP and Actionscript). So don't expect much from this.

The idea is to hack the code and make it work on a subfolder of one of my 3 app engine apps.

I don't have any plans to contribute with the main branch or to improve the blog platform in any ways, I will be playing for fun only. But if eventually something useful comes from this experiments I may ask for patches-pulling eventually... I dont know. :)

h2. License

The original TEH code is Licensed under the GPL v.3, and so is this fork:

*FCZ TEH fork - Fabricio Zuardi's personal fork of TEH*

_Copyright (C) 2008  Pradeep Gowda, Fabricio Zuardi_

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Pradeep Gowda's Contacts:

* "Website":http://pradeepgowda.com/
* "Contact":http://pradeepgowda.com/contact.html

Fabricio Zuardi's Contacts:

* "Website":http://fabricio.org/
* "Email":mailto:fabricio@gmail.com


[1]http://github.com/btbytes/teh/tree/master
[2]http://bret.appspot.com/entry/experimenting-google-app-engine
[3]http://pradeepgowda.com/